Add Get Started article (for R) (#67)
posit-dev/shinychat: pkg-r/README.md

[![CRAN status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/shinychat)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=shinychat)
<!-- badges: end -->

> **shinychat** is a chat UI component for [Shiny for R](https://shiny.posit.co/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**shinychat** provides a [Shiny](https://shiny.posit.co/) toolkit for building generative AI applications like chatbots.
```

> It’s also available for [Shiny for Python](https://posit-dev.github.io/shinychat/py/index.html).

Reviewer: It feels slightly off putting to point to another language so early in the description.

```suggestion
```

> **Build your first shinychat chatbot:** See [Get Started](articles/get-started.html) to learn more.

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about this, but I was expecting to see it at the bottom of the page (in something like a next steps section). It also works here though
